Anyway, I already stink now.
I'll take advantage of you and get his father back as soon as possible.
Otherwise I will hold a press conference.
Call the world. You night market for money.
Send my daughter to my outfit.
How come you still give it to your wife after selling one?
Something happened to you. I'll beat you to death.
You and the others dare to hit me.
I will let you marry and disappear from the ice city.
etc. When did this hair become yours?
Not mine. Could it still be yours?
It was originally mine.
It's me who wants to review the group's funding for them
That’s the top starting point in the world
It's gone in minutes too
If you don't want to offend the review group
Just return that father to me quickly.
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
What do you have to do with scrutiny?
What kind of pretty boy are you?
When I'm dealing with scrutiny
You still don’t know which tool to wear quite well?
I am the president of the review group
You are just a pretty boy raised by your sister
How do you change your mind and pretend to be Mr. Shen?
Then I am Mr. Shen specially
Of course you've met Mr. Shen
We are still good buddies
Dog eyes can really see clearly
Mr. Shen himself is in front of
Why did you lead out that you are buddies again?
Mr. Zhou of the Shen family
But we have cooperation with Shen Group
How could I not have seen it?
It's you, Moonlighter
I don’t know where I found such a criminal.
Also pretending to be Mr. Shen
You are so brave
I'm talking about you, a bastard of eyebrow and eye medicine.
I'll wash your hands and play with you for two days
I'll give you 10,000 yuan
Do you weigh this much in a year?